Document server functions in block style variations section (#16997)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/filters/block-filters.md

} );
```

### Server-side registration helper

> While the samples provided full allow full control of the style registration client-side scripts, and its enqueuing, they require a considerable amount of code to register a block style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the samples provided do allow full control of block styles, they do require a considerable amount of code.
```

> To simplify the process of registering/unregistering block styles, two server-side functions were implemented: `register_block_style`, and `unregister_block_style`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify the process of registering and unregistering block styles, two server-side functions are also available: `register_block_style`, and `unregister_block_style`.
```

#### register_block_style

> The `register_block_style` function receives the identifier of the block as the first argument and an array describing properties of the style as the second argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `register_block_style` function receives the name of the block as the first argument and an array describing properties of the style as the second argument.
```

> The properties of the style array must include `name` and `label`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The properties of the style array must include `name` and `label`: 
```

 - `name`: The identifier of the style used to compute a CSS class.
 - `label`: A human-readable label for the style.

> Besides the two mandatory properties, the styles properties array  should include a `inline_style`  or a `style_handle` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides the two mandatory properties, the styles properties array should also include an `inline_style`  or a `style_handle` property:
```

>  - `inline_style`: Contains inline CSS code that registers the CSS class required for the style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 - `inline_style`: Contains inline CSS code that registers the CSS class required for the style.
```

 - `style_handle`: Contains the handle to an already registered style that should be enqueued in places where block styles are needed.

> The following code sample registers a style for the quote block named "Blue Quote", and enqueues an inline style that makes quote blocks with the "Blue Quote" style have blue color:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code sample registers a style for the quote block named "Blue Quote", and provides an inline style that makes quote blocks with the "Blue Quote" style have blue color:
```

```php
register_block_style(
    'core/quote',
    array(
        'name'         => 'blue-quote',
        'label'        => __( 'Blue Quote' ),
        'inline_style' => '.wp-block-quote.is-style-blue-quote { color: blue; }',
    )
);
```

> Alternatively, if the styles were already registered it is possible to just pass its handle and `register_block_style` function will make sure they are enqued. The following code sample provides an example of this use case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if a stylesheet was already registered which contains the CSS for the style variation, it is possible to just pass the stylesheet's handle so `register_block_style` function will make sure it is enqueue.

The following code sample provides an example of this use case:
```

```php

> (...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

wp_register_style( 'myguten-style', get_template_directory_uri() . '/custom-style.css' );

> (...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

// ...
```

register_block_style(
    'core/quote',
    array(
        'name'         => 'fancy-quote',
        'label'        => 'Fancy Quote',
        'style_handle' => 'myguten-style',
    )
);

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

#### unregister_block_style

`unregister_block_style` allows unregistering a block style previously registered on the server using `register_block_style`.

> The function registers as the first argument the identifier/name of the block and as second argument the identifier/name of the style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The function's first argument is the registered name of the block, and the name of the style as the second argument.
```

> The following code sample unregisteres the style named 'fancy-quote'  from the quote block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code sample unregisteres the style named 'fancy-quote'  from the quote block:

```

```php
unregister_block_style( 'core/quote', 'fancy-quote' );
```

> **Important:** The function `unregister_block_style`only unregisters styles that were registered on the server using a `register_block_style`. The function does not generate client-side code to unregister a style registered using client-side code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** The function `unregister_block_style` only unregisters styles that were registered on the server using `register_block_style`. The function does not unregister a style registered using client-side code.
```
